Title: Fire your Requirements Management vendor!

This tutorial will provide you with a full-featured requirements management application ready for your requirements development.  First, we will walk you through download, configuration and use of OSEE Define.  Then we will show you how to modify the requirements data model and configure the system for your needs.

OSEE Define is a full-featured open source requirements management solution that allows users to define and use their own data model.  It's advanced branch management capabilities, including change reports and automated merging, make it possible to control many variants of a project with ease. Since OSEE Define retains a full revision history of every resource in the system, engineers can make and review changes with greater confidence.  The data integration and traceability features OSEE offers enable a coherent view of a project across its full life-cycle.

OSEE Define Features Include:

   Enterprise support for concurrent, distributed requirements development
   Bidirectional traceability across the full product lifecycle
   Multi-level branching and merging
   Automated change detection capabilities
   Incorporate native file formats into your requirements set
   Control many variants with multi-basline committing
   Automatically publish documents using customer configured templates
   Advanced navigation and search capabilities
   Integrated process and workflow

OSEE Define comes bundled with an embedded database and a sample data model configured, so it's easy to get started and it's features can help you improve quality, increase efficiency and ultimately reduce costs of managing your requirements.

-----------------------------
Name of product: OSEE Define - Requirements Management Solution
   Requirements Management Solution - Buy it Now: $0.00
   Requirements Management Solution - Download Now

Define

Define provides requirements and process management with tightly integrated change management using the Action Tracking System (ATS). OSEE provides publishing capabilities that enable the creation of documents from smaller internal documents to the complex documents needed to meet military requirements for contract deliverables such as the Software Requirements Specification (SRS), System Performance Specification (SPS), Prime Item Development Specification (PIDS), and all the required traceability between them.
Key Capabilities

    * Enterprise support for concurrent, distributed requirements development
    * Integrated process and workflow
    * Programmatic, bidirectional traceability
    * End user navigation and search capabilities
    * Capture accurate, meaningful review metrics
    * Tight integration with lifecycle tools
    * Automated change detection capabilities

-----------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------

Parallel Requirements Development
Variant Management
Branching and Merging
Systems Engineering
Configuration Management
Bi-directional traceability
Integrated Requirements Management
Extensible Data Model
Full Versioning

Why this tool: Lean, Agile, ??

----

Changes are can be configuration managed and changes shown through a powerful

Define's advanced branch management capabilities, including change reports and automated merging, make it possible to control many variants of a project with ease. Since OSEE retains a full revision history of every resource in the system, engineers can make and review changes with greater confidence. 

Define provides end-to-end traceability enabling a coherent view of a requirements from top down.

At its core is a persistence layer that provides a dynamic data model, advanced version control capabilities, and powerful search capabilities.

Supports all native file formats


This Tutorial will:
- Take you from download to managing a set of requirements using the default configuration and requirements data model.  
- The second portion will be focused on creating your own data model and configuring OSEE to use.
- You will leave with a running Requirements Management Solution ready for your requirements development

---
--

12:55 PMBrooks, Ryan 

In the context of an overall systems engineering approach. 
OSEE's advanced branch management capabilities, including change reports and automated merging, make it possible to control many variants of a project with ease. Since OSEE retains a full revision history of every resource in the system, engineers can make and review changes with greater confidence. 
Extensible Data Model
All project data is stored in OSEE's user-definable data model, which offers revision control, bidirectional traceability, project status reporting, and metrics.

Full Lifecycle Support
The data integration and end-to-end traceability features OSEE offers enable a coherent view of a project across its full life-cycle. 

--

Integrated Solution

The <a href="http://www.eclipse.org/osee">Open System Engineering Environment</a> (OSEE) eclipse project supports lean engineering across 
the full product life-cycle by providing an integrated and data-centric application framework. At its core is a persistence layer that provides a 
dynamic data model, advanced version control capabilities, and powerful search capabilities. This talk provides an overview of the OSEE Application 
Framework and tools that extend it, including; a powerful requirements and document management solution, OSEE Define, and a full featured change 
management system, OSEE ATS.

--

2009 Tutorial Abstract

The Open System Engineering Environment (OSEE) is a tightly integrated environment that supports lean engineering in the context of an overall systems engineering approach. It is integrated around a simple, user-definable data model to eloquently provide bidirectional traceability across the full product life-cycle. This hands-on tutorial walks you through the configuration, usage, and extension of OSEE. 

You will begin by defining your own data model starting from a conceptual object diagram to define the corresponding artifact, attribute, and relation types. Next you will initialize a local database using this data model and create a baseline branch for your engineering project. After importing some existing requirements, we will explore some of the essential requirements management capabilities. 

To provide your engineering project with configuration management, you will configure the Action Tracking System by defining teams, actionable items, and versions and connecting them to a workflow. Finally, we will work through an instance of this newly created workflow including creating a working branch, making and reviewing changes, and committing back into the baseline branch. 

A brief overview of the key OSEE extension points will be provided and then we will jump right in and extend one of them. You will have the opportunity to implement your own BLAM operation as a light-weight way to automate repetitive tasks that require user input. 

Participants will receive, via a flash drive, a complete install of Eclipse bundled with the Java Runtime Environment, appropriate version of OSEE, and the tutorial data. During the session, multiple instructors will be available to answer questions regarding OSEE and to help participants work through the exercises. 
Whether you're interested in taking advantage of the open source requirements management solution, the high powered change/workflow management that is provided by the Action Tracking System (ATS), or building a stand-alone application on the OSEE Application Framework, this tutorial will help you go from www.eclipse.org/osee to custom deployment. 
